Added eventing tutorials to docs (#14706)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/01-overview/main-areas/eventing/evnt-02-useful-links.md

To perform tasks with Eventing, go through these tutorials:

- [Tutorial: Trigger your workload with an event](../../../02-get-started/04-trigger-workload-with-event.md) - part of the [Get Started guides](../../../02-get-started), shows how to deploy a Function and trigger it with an event.
- [Tutorial: Create Subscription subscribing to multiple event types](../../../03-tutorials/00-eventing/evnt-02-subs-with-multiple-filters.md) - shows how to subscribe to one or more event types using the Kyma Subscription.

> - [Tutorial: Event name cleanup in Subscriptions](../../../03-tutorials/00-eventing/evnt-03-type-cleanup.md) - explains how Eventing Services filter out non-alphanumeric character from event names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Tutorial: Event name cleanup in Subscriptions](../../../03-tutorials/00-eventing/evnt-03-type-cleanup.md) - explains how Kyma Eventing filters out non-alphanumeric character from event names.
```
I see you changed "Eventing Services" to "Eventing" in most occurrences, so I think it applies here too?

- [Tutorial: Changing Events Max-In-Flight in Subscriptions](../../../03-tutorials/00-eventing/evnt-04-change-max-in-flight-in-sub.md) - shows how to set idle "in-flight messages" limit in Kyma Subscriptions.

> - [Tutorial: Publish legacy events using Kyma Eventing](../../../03-tutorials/00-eventing/evnt-05-send-legacy-events.md) - explains how to send legacy events using the Eventing Services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Tutorial: Publish legacy events using Kyma Eventing](../../../03-tutorials/00-eventing/evnt-05-send-legacy-events.md) - explains how to send legacy events using Kyma Eventing.
```

To perform tasks with Eventing, go through these tutorials:

- [Tutorial: Trigger your workload with an event](../../../02-get-started/04-trigger-workload-with-event.md) - part of the [Get Started guides](../../../02-get-started), shows how to deploy a Function and trigger it with an event.
- [Tutorial: Create subscription subscribing to multiple event types](../../../03-tutorials/00-eventing/evnt-02-subs-with-multiple-filters.md) - shows how to subscribe to one or more event types using the Kyma Subscription.

> - [Tutorial: Event name cleanup in Subscriptions](../../../03-tutorials/00-eventing/evnt-03-type-cleanup.md) - explains how Eventing Services filter out non-alphanumeric character from event names.

Author: We already have a document to explain the [Event Names](https://kyma-project.io/docs/kyma/main/05-technical-reference/evnt-01-event-names/). You are right this tutorial is more of an explanation and to take the user through the practical scenario.

> - [Tutorial: Event name cleanup in Subscriptions](../../../03-tutorials/00-eventing/evnt-03-type-cleanup.md) - explains how Eventing Services filter out non-alphanumeric character from event names.

Author: updated!
